I'm here today in the Eastern side of
the city of Kanan yunes we managed in
fact to access the place after the
Israel military withdrawal and the end
of the operation that has lasted nine
days as you can see that the operation
has turned and it changed the entire
landmarks of the Eastern areas of kanun
we can see houses roads and even key
Civil infr structure had been completely
targeted families recently after the
withdrawal of the army uh tur turning
back to check on the houses some of them
have bu make shfs over the remnants of
these destroyed buildings they are
trying to be to clingy to their Homeland
but in fact the operation has made the
entire Eastern areas ofun is unsuitable
for human habitation the operation in
fact had killed more than 250
Palestinians with more than 300 others
are wounded and we are talking about
countless destruction that will take
years in order to be removed but despite
all of this Palestinians since the first
moment after the Israeli military
withdrawal they have returned back to
check on the homes and they are trying
to send a message that despite all sort
of Destruction we are still clinging to
our homeland as we don't have any other
place that could be designated to be
safe Al jazer canun
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer